With the development of township economy, local governments and township enterprises pay more and more attention to the sales and brand development of local agricultural products. 
The development of characteristic agriculture is an important choice to comply with the development trend of world agriculture and enhance the competitiveness of agriculture. 
How to strengthen agriculture and become an agricultural power in a large agricultural country is a problem that must be seriously studied and considered. 
Implement the agricultural famous brand marketing strategy, create famous brands through agricultural products, and improve the market competitiveness of agricultural products. 
At the same time, we will increase farmers' income and government revenue to achieve a win-win situation. 
In this paper, through the analysis of the current situation of agricultural product marketing in China, to understand some of the advantages and disadvantages. 
At the same time, new trends and some different characteristics have emerged in the development of agricultural products. 
Through the analysis of the marketing strategy and marketing strategy of agricultural products with local characteristics, this paper puts forward some opinions and suggestions to solve the problems of agricultural product marketing by using the learned marketing common sense and marketing strategy. 
Keywords. 
The solution to the Marketing Strategy of characteristic Agricultural products. 
Introduction. 
In the marketing of agricultural products, there is a phenomenon of "low input and low output", that is, the input of agricultural products is very large and the output is not much. 
Due to the serious phenomenon of product homogenization, prices continue to fall, agricultural products can not sell a good price. 
In order to break the dilemma of "low input and low output", many producers turn their attention to some network platforms and community groups. 
They publish some product information on these platforms and use this information to attract the attention of consumers, so as to stimulate consumption. 
But it is often difficult to win the favor of consumers in this way. 
So how do they do promotion and marketing? 
It's actually very simple. 
When the concept of "brand" and the value concept of "agricultural products" are transmitted to the target groups through the Internet platform, the target consumers are attracted to participate in it by means of "word-of-mouth effect" and "sharing economy", so as to achieve the effect of promotion. 
In fact, we can often see on the Internet the concept of "network celebrity products" used by agricultural products to advertise their own products, but these products are not based on advertising but mainly on promotion; there are also some agricultural products that advertise the advantages of their own enterprises using "WeChat business" and other models. 
1. Social network. 
On social networking platforms, we can often see some people posting information about agricultural products. 
The advantage of this approach is that it allows consumers to gain a "sense of participation" through online sharing and communication, which will also bring an invisible influence to the brand. 
To do promotion and marketing through this way is the marketing model of social networks. 
There is also a phenomenon that we often see: the agricultural products of "online celebrities in so-and-so village" are selling well on the Internet. 
This model is similar to the "WeChat business" model, but the difference is that this online celebrity product is dominated by promotion rather than advertising. 
For example, an agricultural production base uses Wechat platform for promotion and publicity in the form of WeChat business, so as to attract the attention of target consumers. 
(1) the "micro-store" model: the micro-store model is like a Wechat social platform, the main function is to promote and share information about the production of agricultural products. 
(2) word-of-mouth marketing: this method mainly refers to the promotion of agricultural products on the network platform and at the same time it will be shared with relatives and friends and other people to buy and use. 
2. Forum. 
(1) China Agricultural Expo Forum; (2) China Fruit and vegetable Network; (3) Taobao Farmers' Forum; (4) China Agricultural Civilization Network; (5) JD.com Mall Forum; (6) excellent Farmer Commune Forum; (7) Daily Fruit and vegetable Forum; (8) JD.com Fruit and vegetable Store & Tiantian Orchard Forum; (9) official online mall platform of Beijing Agricultural Brand Expo. 
(10) China Agricultural Network TV Station, online platform of Agricultural Expo, etc. 
(11) Shandong agricultural products online community; (12) Shandong rural network Shandong rural comprehensive information network and so on. 
3. Video media. 
Agricultural marketing can be said to be everywhere, from early TV shopping, advertising, documentaries, to now short videos and various social platforms. 
Video media mainly has the following characteristics: (1) video can be spread through the network and can be released anytime and anywhere; (2) the user group of video media is wide, and the audience is relatively fixed. It can be played at a fixed time; (3) the video can be played back repeatedly in various ways; (4) the content and form of the video is relatively rich. 
4. Self-media. 
Self-media is a good platform, many people can promote their products through self-media, so as to achieve the purpose of their own sales. 
But pay attention to the following points: first, pay attention to the nature of the platform. 
If the platform belongs to the public category (Wechat, Weibo), news (Jinri Toutiao), etc., then it is best not to do promotion and marketing; secondly, do not post advertising soft articles on it. 
Thirdly, for some official accounts or articles with low content quality, we should pay attention to the quality of the account. 
5. Official account / Mini Program. 
The use of Wechat official account / Mini Program can achieve the following functions: 1 to establish the brand image of agricultural products: through Wechat official account, Mini Program to establish brand image, spread brand concept; 2 to achieve offline promotion: use their own resources and influence to promote their own products and services to improve awareness and reputation; 3 advertising marketing: through various ways to promote their products. 
4 display sales: combine online and offline management through the network platform; 5 spread brand: establish a connection between product information or services and users, and let users pay attention to your information or services through official account / Mini Program and other ways. 
These functions are the main ways of agricultural product marketing. 
6. Community platform. 
Community marketing refers to the Internet as the platform, the use of social media as a tool, information dissemination and sharing, word-of-mouth, interaction as a means to attract consumers to buy. 
Community marketing is a marketing mode that brings people together in the network era. different from traditional media, it does not rely on traditional media such as television stations for advertising, but through the grasp and excavation of people's psychology. through various forms to attract people to specific areas (such as Wechat community groups). 
As a special product, agricultural products generally need to be promoted in some specific communities. 
Such as: WeChat merchants, Taobao, WeChat shops and so on. 
Of course, in addition to the above agricultural marketing methods, there are many new marketing models that are constantly emerging, which we need to explore according to the local development situation.